hi hi everyone with you frost bolt and
today we are reviewing the server on tv3
this is the third server from the series on on whose are you
we have it as usual if pvp and pve I
today we are on pva and
with me as always my companions it
pioneer and mark around here we go
hello to the mortuary here you can also
say hello people are waiting a hello so
ok i'm capable here we have a very
cool this block about hell even
color fits as you can see the portal to hell
attention from periodically from periodically
someone calling me
this one this is surely again loloshka
name so ok damn it vibrates
still scat here so all we have here
we have here we have here we have
here is such a spawn local time by the way
here we don't have GMT
set up the guys
welcome to but thousand by e3 on
servers complicated Kraft solar
panels
complicated craft neat so here
here is spawn here too
mill like him . p-2f is needed then
nothing difficult to cheerfully lay on spam
here is the confiscated motor confiscated from
network wisdom honestly earned
items let's see
not honestly earned the subject and here it is
Now everything was Stolen by officials
local pigs grunt
so but here 's something else that I have so
I understand this is the alley of some glorious houses
Someone here has no nameplate strength
no no
proper connection of the bomb tube
on top of it is well understood so let's see
what's the splif arena here
Interest wow, you had something here but a hike
the text was erased in the course of someone did not finish
the text is very ugly
we have seen such an arena somewhere
as far as I remember, maybe not
the most common arena arena
splif what's going on where are you
do they here all done this when
Ilya rules of wire
do not work properly as they should
it is clear a good city is on my
comic
ya ka to the apartment and msya hampa unir
so good we are here from one of you
the guys fanit wow uow o stopped fonit
Wow, this is something unusual.
reacted this for the first time I see by the way here
such here
the guard twists things well and traditionally as
always in this series we have to ask
who is beautiful
house now people will answer us and we
let's start looking at their homes were on that
real awesome thing i don't know
why is she not spinning but that would be
even cooler
it turns very slowly yes and mine
advent and pro stones at my friend
so m m yes here to him so hello hello
mate you said you were handsome
all the house and glass well, we will not criticize
house house is really very good
especially this beautiful courtyard here
We hive of bees oh wow this zhalyatsya
let's go and so here it still what
that is, but in general, yes, an ordinary house and
family not on in minecraft
here he has what are you having here
33 cobblestone generators
leave Uyar frosty shaped let
let me think of this server does not lag
on the dps server are good 20 so
nevertheless I stream I take pictures I don't stream
oh well I think on this we then
let's finish this server review here
then there is nothing more to look at
perry will go with you to the next
the server is on pvp 3 and above
there will be two more servers there and we
let's move finally so magic this
expected server for them a lot of things
people are waiting for these servers and in general yes
in his was a forceball pioneer mark
subscribe komentiruyte stavte huskies
but see you bye
after all
by the water